This is the Hospital Simulation Game

In order to Play the game, press start and then select your difficulty level. A new window will appear with the Intesive Care Unit(ICU). The ICU is the main panel where the game occurs.

The High Scores of previous competitors can also be accessed through the main menu. 

In order to quit the game at any time, return to the main menu or the ICU screen and press the quit button.

To return to the main menu from any of the submenus, simply press the main menu button.

The game is conducted as follows:
From the Main Menu the player presses start and then selects a difficulty level. The difficulty level determines the number of beds available to take on patients and determines how quickly additional symptoms appear.

The number of beds corresponding to each difficulty level are as follows:
-Easy: Four
-Medium: Six
-Hard: Eight

Within the ICU there are several different buttons, display panels and menus that are important.
Centered on the top pane is a button to access the store. The store allows you to purchase various upgrades that assist in gameplay. For example, players can purchase additional time or malpractice insuracnse so the effects of an incorrect diagnosis or death will be lessened.

In the upper lefthand corner of the ICU there is a chart that lists out the symptoms exhibited by a patient when that patient is clicked on. The visible symptoms are randomly generated based on the difficulty level of the game. Underneath this panel on the left side is a list of all the possible diagnoses. By clicking on one of these Diagnoses and then clicking the Diagnose button a player can attempt to diagnose the ailment of the selected patient.

The middle portion of the screen contains each of the hospital beds in the ICU. Each bed can either contain a patient or be empty. When the bed contains a patient the patient contains a certain number of health points that decrease as time goes on. The number of health points (hp) is indicated by a status bar underneath each patient.

The bottom right hand corner of the screen contains the Pause, Main Menu, and Quit buttons. Each of these buttons are fairly self explanatory and allow the player to navigate back to the main menu, quick the game, or pause game action in its current state.

In the center of the right-hand side of the screen are the Score, Money and Time indicators. As patients are correctly diagnosed the player earns points that add on to the score. Additionally, the player earns money by correctly diagnosing patients, which can then be used in the store to buy upgrades. The time indicator shows how much time has elapsed during gameplay.

Above these indicators are six buttons that are used to apply the upgrades that have been purchased in the store. If multiples of an upgrade have been purchased, the button can be pressed multiple times until the number of instances of that upgrade is zero.

The last feature of note is the Stats area, which displays Recent Activity that has occurred during gameplay. This is where a player can determine whether or not they correctly diagnosed a patient.

These are all of the main features that must be understood to play the Hospital Simulation Game. For more detailed questions on the operation of this game, please talk to the developers: Josh Hay, Ben Jones, and Ben Zerhusen.